few places on the planet are as
picturesque and unique as northern
California but the area also sits on one
of the largest fault lines in North
America making it prone to earthquakes
and that is exactly what befell the Napa
region and approximately 320 this
morning local time
luckily the facility here has escaped
damage and that's good news for Verizon
IndyCar Series fans drivers start your
engines
what an exciting day it is championship
battle is underway they head for the
line three flag five where power got a
big job as he came to the line that
problem in turn number one
green flag is out again power
accelerates they go almost single file
can I not around
elio Castroneves tries to drive towards
his first championship caught up in the
first accident and now I'm hearing it's
the rear Punk they're gonna cut
something away the championship slipping
away right now
problems here at Sonoma Raceway for the
number 18 this changes strategy all the
other guys didn't pit and now contact
it looks like Sebastian's evader I see
the leaders coming to pit road well our
team drops of Jack this is gonna be
close
race off pit road green flag waves and
look at Mike Conway he's gone from
basically dominating the race from first
to last
cranberry Hall makes a pass on Tony
Kanaan in turn number seven ray hold
lead see down through the esses look at
Granny's all back of Mike Conway now
he's got him
we've got a race on our hand out I make
the food here and he's got power
bring all to the lead National Guard
upfront payment lap over not overnight
sticks it up the inside of Conway it's
time to go Ryan hunter-reay now clears
Mike Conway Scott Dixon wins at Sonoma
Raceway so popular T man you know it's a
huge representation for target this
weekend and it was awesome to put it in
the number one spot